« The masters - it's a quotation - the masters that you can see, are convinced to be right,
behaving the way they do.
Such is the absurdity which reflects their structure.
They even feel justified in accepting evil in order to result in good consequences.
One of the most satisfying of their phony axioms is that they claim to be superior
to everyone else in terms of wisdom and efficiency.
- Isn't that true ? They call me a fool and they say that they will make society works.
As a result, I am wise and insanity is their thing.
With this sanction, they claim the right to allocate bread and butter for all the human race.
They have even resurrected the theory of kings' divine right, kings of trade in this case.
The weak spot of their claim is that they're only businessmen.
They aren't philosophers : they are neither biologists nor sociologists.
If they were, everything would hopefully be better.
But outside of the business world, those people are stupid.
They can only understand business.
They can neither understand the human race nor the world, but they present themselves as
arbiters of the fate of millions of starved, and of all multitudes of people.
History, one day, will burst out laughing at them the hard way.»
Time has come to make fun of our masters before overthrowing them !